feat(xo-server,xo-web/VIF): require network ACLs to change VIF locking mode (#5283)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

- [Host/Advanced] Add the field `IOMMU` if it is defined (PR [#5294](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5294))

> - [VM/Network] Only admins and users with ACLs on VM and VIF network can change a VIF's locking mode (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))

Reviewer: I'd call it a bug fix.

> - [VM/Network] Only admins and users with ACLs on VM and VIF network can change a VIF's locking mode (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))

Reviewer: It's a bit ambiguous whether it's the problem or the solution.

- [New VM] Hide missing ISOs in selector [#5222](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/5222)
- [Dashboard/Health] Show VMs that have too many snapshots [#5238](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5238)
- [Groups] Ability to delete multiple groups at once (PR [#5264](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5264))

> - [VM/Network] Only admins change a VIF's locking mode (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))

Reviewer 2: `Only admins can change ...` like the PR title or ` Make VIF's locking mode only editable by admins`

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [VM/Network] Hide the possibility to change a VIF's locking mode for self users (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))

Reviewer 2: Users without ACLs are also impacted by this modification.

```suggestion
- [VM/Network] Hide the possibility to change a VIF's locking mode for users without permissions (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))
```
Or

```suggestion
- [VM/Network] Don't allow users without permissions to change the VIF's locking mode (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))
```

> - [VM/Network] Don't allow users without permissions to change the VIF's locking mode (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VM/Network] Don't allow users to change a VIF's locking mode if they don't have permissions on the network (PR [#5283](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5283))
```
